They say you never forget your first love.
With your first love, you have no past.
There's no one else.
Just the two of you.
-Elisa says--
-Elisa is lying. Trust me.
She’s furious because I asked her
for an annulment.
Why did you do it? Why did you ask her?
Because I don't love her.
But the important thing for me to know
is where you stand in all this.
Francisco, it's not that easy.
Then it's not Elisa
who's keeping us apart.
You still love Carlos, don't you?
You can't forget him.
But time sometimes corrupts
that pure love,
and makes it show its worst side...
jealousy.
Well, what a surprise to see you here,
though traitors of a feather
flock together.
Francisco is here to help me
with my project.
I'm back for good, Carlos.
I'm working with her
to win this challenge.
You want to ally yourself with him?
Perfect.
But I warn you,
he's capable of betrayal to get ahead.
He can also forgive.
Something others can't do.
I was wrong about you, Carlos, not him.
In that case, go right ahead.
I remind you, I was the one who left you.
We'll see who claims victory.
A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
Francisco just kissed me.
What?
It's what I needed
to know if I still love him.
-Then why the long face?
-Carlos.
I love Carlos, not Francisco.
He made me feel like
I could be someone else...
CHAPTER 11: JEALOUSY
...like I could've found my place.
I don't belong anywhere.
The same thing happened to me with Pablo.
He was my hearth, my home.
"Was"?
Lidia, since the other night,
everything's horrible between us.
I keep on lying to him and...
he's lost his faith in me.
-But has he found out anything?
-No.
-Did you tell him anything?
But all this will destroy
our relationship.
I'm handing him
to that two-faced Marisol on a platter.
-I feel like an idiot.
-I envy you, you know?
You have no doubts.
You know he's your man, and that's it.
So don't ruin it
just because you're jealous.
Tell him you love him,
and if you have to, apologize to him.
He is your home, right?
Yes, he really is.
You're right. I love him.
I love him so much.
Where are you going?
To tell him
I'm tired of acting like an idiot.
Drink all of that.
It'll do you good. Lidia...
I'll replace them tomorrow.
Go on and go.
I'm sure she's thinking about you, too.
No. I wasn't thinking about Marga.
Pablo...
All right, yes, yes.
I just don't know.
She's acting like someone else.
Since New Year's Eve,
I get the feeling she's lying to me.
She's making up silly excuses.
Now I'm not sure.
How can I marry someone
I can't trust?
You asked her to marry you?
I haven't asked her yet because...
I haven't found the right moment,
but yes.
That's not the case, Marisol.
I don't know who Marga is.
Is she the same woman I once knew?
Then I'd say don't be hasty.
Think it over,
at least until you're very sure.
Thanks for the advice.
It's free.
Not free, no.
This deserves some coffee.
-Two sugars?
-Yes.
We were engaged for ten years,
and nothing.
A few months with this tart,
and she gets this rock.
You have to talk to your sister.
If we want to win
and get the company back,
she can't go near Lidia again.
Luckily, tonight's performance worked.
-You're still in love with her.
-What?
With Alba.
No.
But I don't think you can say the same.
I don't want us being seen together.
Elisa has complicated things enough.
Relax. I'll talk to her.
She's not worth suffering over, Carlos.
Don't take as long as I did to see that.
Excuse me.
Marisol!
Marisol.
Hello. How are you?
Happy New Year, belatedly.
This is for you.
You deserve an apology from me.
I thought you wanted to steal
my Pablo from me,
and, you know, jealousy, it blinds you.
You can't see. So here...
I apologize for everything.
You steal my fiancé,
and think you can fix it
with a bouquet of flowers?
Get this straight. Pablo is mine.
I'll get him back, whatever it takes.
Is that clear?
I knew it.
I knew I couldn't trust you!
You're a snake! A boyfriend stealer!
Marga! What are you doing?
I came to apologize. I brought flowers,
and look, she threw them on the floor!
It's a lie, Pablo. All a lie.
Honey, your father's awake.
Are you sure about this?
No one will believe you can die
from a tonsillectomy.
Be quiet, Mother. No one knows.
Marga, I think you'd better go.
Tomorrow, you're going to feel like
you were hit with that bottle
instead of drinking it.
May I?
Sure.
Now I understand.
She said no.
She said yes...
but with bad intentions.
What are you doing here?
Some guy promised to show me
the best bars in Madrid...
and here I am, still waiting.
What are you having? It's on me.
I think you've had enough to drink, huh?
Besides, I know a better way
to get over someone.
It was obvious that Carlos and Alex
had spent the night together.
Right then,
I felt an inexplicable, stabbing pain.
Lidia.
Sorry I'm late.
I couldn't get out of bed today.
-Are you all right?
-Yes. Sure.
Next time just send the chauffeur.
My brother treats me like a child.
I'd never considered myself
a jealous person.
But that day, fear erupted inside me,
putting me to the test.
I couldn't have imagined
to what degree.
Thank you, Héctor.
Are you all right?
Yes.
Yes, don't worry. Thank you.
One moment, miss.
Open your handbag, please.
Why?
You must identify yourself
and submit to a bag check to come in.
Lidia Aguilar, assistant manager.
Thank you.
What's going on?
"One, all staff must be searched
upon entering and exiting the building.
All workers must have their bags searched
at the start and end of each day.
Two, no one has access to restricted areas
without authorization."
Mario's robbery
is going to ruin our lives.
It's not that! It's an excuse!
They're tyrants. They think
we're sheep, but we can't allow it!
Quiet, please! Quiet!
Thank you.
I'll just take a few minutes of your time.
As you well know,
a worker in this company
has betrayed our trust,
and has stolen a sum of money.
So that this doesn't happen again,
we have been forced to implement
the new security measures
you've just seen.
And to make sure
these are complied with,
we're appointing new officers
whose main role
will be to oversee the employees
they're responsible for
and report any suspicious behavior.
Quiet! Quiet, please!
You can't do that!
It's an assault on our freedom!
Who said that?
-Carlota Rodríguez, operator.
-Carlota, please...
You can't force us to let you search
our personal belongings.
It's an invasion of our privacy.
Non-compliance with these rules
means instant dismissal, miss.
Each of you can decide
the price you put on privacy.
Really? Well, we won't stand by
and do nothing!
We're the backbone of this company
and we have a right to protest!
Very well. You've just been relieved
of your duties.
You're reassigned to the filing room
until further notice.
Anyone have anything else to add?
-Are you going to stand for this?
-Be quiet. Are you crazy?
This won't achieve anything. Calm down.
Very well.
Thank you for your understanding.
Please get back to work. Thank you.
Excuse me. I wanted to speak to Mr. Uribe.
-What did you want to discuss?
-I'd rather speak to him. Thanks.
No, no. Maybe I can help you.
Women understand each other better.
You should reconsider
the new security measures.
These measures call into question
the promises your brother made.
Carlota's punishment is unfair.
-She's one of the best--
-I don't care if it's fair.
You don't make the decisions,
Miss Aguilar.
-But, sir, you promised--
-I don't recall what I promised you.
But I do recall that you work here
as my assistant.
Either you develop a decent project,
or you'll be fired.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I want to speak to my sister.
Lidia.
Find a replacement
for your friend Carlota.
I don't know how long
she'll be in the filing room.
Thank you.
Let this be the last time
that you make a decision
without consulting me first.
-But--
-I give the orders around here!
Someone had to respond to the theft.
The police are on it. They'll solve this.
Yes, but we have to teach the others
a lesson.
We can't show weakness,
or someone else will steal from us.
I don't want to jeopardize the trust
that I worked hard to build.
I'm doing things differently.
That's obvious.
You've changed.
Spain won't bring the old Sebastián back.
-Shut up.
-Stop punishing yourself--
I said to shut up!
-This trip has nothing to do with that.
-It doesn't? Then what is it?
Why did you leave without a word to us?
Why did it take you so long
to get back in contact?
Can we discuss this some other time?
You are a cheater.
Excuse me?
You slept with Alex
to gain an advantage and win.
You’re so self-centered, Alba.
Not everything is about you.
You haven't stopped to think
that I slept with her
because I wanted to sleep with her?
Plus I actually enjoy
this woman's company in bed.
You are rude.
And you are lying to me.
You haven't forgotten me,
Carlos Cifuentes.
And every minute that passes
in your miserable life, you think of me...
even though you are sleeping with her.
No.
Whenever I think of you
I remember how much I hate you,
and how easy it will be
to destroy you.
We have something in common then,
because I have the same thoughts
about you.
Is there a problem?
No, no. We were just talking.
What happened?
Do you know what Alex Uribe is doing?
No.
She has turned this company upside down.
She's losing her mind.
She punished Carlota for complaining.
-That I won't allow.
-Lidia, Lidia...
We have to focus on the project.
The best way to change things
is for us to get control of the company.
And soon it could be yours.
You're right.
But unfortunately, I have to find
Carlota's replacement.
I will see you later.
They can't do that.
I'm afraid they can.
I don't know how to resolve this
without risking your job.
Ángeles.
-Inspector Cuevas. What brings you here?
-May I come in?
Thank you.
What's happened?
Have you found my husband?
Has he gone to Bilbao?
You're looking for his car?
We're looking for any clue
that leads to him,
and his car has disappeared.
But the train schedule
I found in the garbage,
and the note he left?
I thought it was obvious
he ran off with another woman.
I don't get it.
It's one possibility among many.
We're not ruling out anything.
So I need to search your home.
My house?
When Mario left the note,
he may have left a clue you overlooked.
-Do you mind if I...
-No.
Go ahead.
I can make you some breakfast.
-May I?
-Of course.
And these photos?
That was me.
When I found out that Mario
had run off with another woman.
I had a fit of jealousy.
Now I don't know what to think.
I see.
May I look in your bedroom?
Of course.
Thank you.
Well, it's getting late. I should go.
Already?
What about the bedroom?
That's enough for now.
I have other things to attend to.
Thank you for your cooperation.
What nonsense.
You're not searching my handbag.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I can't let you in.
Don't you know who I am?
In the old days,
I could have had you fired on the spot.
Guard, let her through.
Carmen, I'm sorry.
We've given an order to search anyone
entering or leaving.
I'm not a worker.
This company means more to me
than all of you.
And if you're calling me a thief--
No, please, I didn't say that.
Well... where's your brother?
We were going to discuss some matters
related to the foundation.
But seeing all this,
God knows what I should expect.
He must be on his second home run.
Come again?
Pitch it. Pitch it.
How about that!
Mr. Uribe?
Good morning, Doña Carmen.
Pitch another one. Pitch it.
Elisa, what are you doing here?
Sebastián was showing me
how to play baseball,
and he thinks I'm not bad.
So much exercise isn't good for you.
You should be resting at home.
I knew Sebastián called you
to talk about the foundation and...
you know I want to help.
I'm just worried that
such frenzied activity will do you harm.
-I wouldn't want you to have a relapse.
-I won't.
It'll do me good to get involved
in the foundation, to feel useful.
In that case, why don't all three of us
go to my office?
I don't know if you're aware,
but we're implementing
new security measures for the staff.
I just endured them myself.
They tried to search my handbag
as if I were a common thief.
I'm sorry. I am, but with this theft,
you'll understand
that no precaution is too small.
And we can't make distinctions
between employees
in order to avoid tension.
We have to treat everyone equally.
But we're not all equal.
Why don't we put this issue aside for now
and focus on the matter at hand today?
The foundation's accounts.
I see this is going to be
an ongoing issue.
Have you discovered another incident?
No, we haven't
because we don't have access
to the foundation's accounts.
Well, that's because
the foundation is run independently.
Sure, but in the end,
it's not independent.
I'd just like to see the accounts
to ensure everything's managed properly.
I don't see the problem.
You've got nothing to hide,
do you, Doña Carmen?
-Of course not.
-Don't worry, Mr. Uribe.
I will personally help my mother
with the books.
We'll get them to you this week.
Pretty, determined
and she's got the makings of a pitcher.
You never cease to surprise me,
Miss Cifuentes.
I'll see you before the week is out, then.
Very well. See you soon.
Please. It's always a pleasure...
to see you both.
Have a good day.
Elisa, first I want to know
whose side you're on.
Mother, there's one thing I'm sure of.
You won't let me be on your side.
Very well.
We'll meet this afternoon
at the foundation's office.
At 5:00.
I'll be there.
Are you ready to start tomorrow?
Yes. I'm looking forward to it.
And thank you so much
for this chance, Mr. Uribe,
especially after how
my husband treated the company.
We'd be in a bad state if wives had to pay
for the crimes of their husbands.
You're not responsible
for that scoundrel's actions.
Mario committed a crime
when he stole from me,
but his real mistake was leaving you.
Only a fool would make such a mistake.
I won't argue with you about that.
We'd better be going.
What's the rush, Miss Aguilar?
We don't want to take up
any more of your time, Mr. Uribe.
Don't hesitate to ask me
for whatever you need, Mr. Uribe,
and I'll try to please you.
I'm glad to hear that.
You'd better come with me
to get your uniform. Let's go.
I'm starting to think it's a bad idea
that you came back--
No...
Ángeles,
now, more than ever,
we have to be very discreet.
The police are still investigating.
Have you heard anything?
No, and I need this job, Lidia.
All this time shut in at home,
I've felt dead.
But I'm finally free.
Do you know how often
I've dreamed of this moment?
Really, I won't do anything
to put us in danger.
I won't, I promise.
Ángeles.
I'm so glad to see you here again.
How are you?
You know how these things are.
It's very hard.
I suppose so.
I read the papers. It seems the police
are searching for the car.
To think I saw you leaving together.
Mr. Cifuentes...
that's impossible.
I left beforehand and...
You're mistaken. My husband left alone.
Ángeles, I'm sorry, but...
I clearly saw a woman
in the passenger seat.
You really saw that?
Oh, my God.
Last night, I found a goodbye note
from my husband.
He said he'd started a new life
with another woman.
I'm so sorry. I was stupid. Forgive me.
No, you had no idea. God...
Maybe what I saw is relevant
to the investigation.
I'll go to the police station today
and tell them--
No, no, no.
I mean, if anyone should go to the police,
it's me.
I gave them the note, and honestly,
I don't want to bother you anymore.
As you wish.
And if there's anything I can do
to help...
-please...
-Don't worry.
Good heavens!
You knew this crook?
A little. Just in passing, Grandma.
The worst part is
that things are a mess around here.
They've set up security
at the building's entrance
and they search our handbags
when we go in and out.
I noticed you sounded sad, dear.
Right.
It's been tough lately, Grandma.
I won't lie to you.
And without my Pablo, I'm...
Good Lord.
What do you mean "without your Pablo"?
Don't tell me you said no!
No to what?
Hasn't he asked you yet?
Asked me what?
Forget it. Don't listen to me.
I'm starting to go senile.
-Call me another day--
-Hang up on me and I swear
I'll take the first bus back
and pull on your hair until you tell me.
-Ask me what?
-To marry him, dear.
Pablo wants you to marry him.
What, Grandma?
-You'll make me deaf.
-How do you know and I don't?
Because he told me.
He was going to propose
the day we had those cream puffs.
They were delicious.
My mouth's still watering--
Grandma, concentrate. Tell me about it.
Just that he put the ring in one of
the cream puffs and I gobbled it down.
Since then I've--
Grandma, I have to hang up.
I'll call you some other day.
-Where are you going, miss?
-To see my boyfriend.
The one with dark, curly hair.
Pablo Santos.
This floor's restricted.
Without a special pass, you'll have
to wait till the end of the day.
-But I just want to talk to him.
-I'm sorry.
-Forgive me, I beg you.
-What are you doing here?
I know I haven’t been myself lately,
but I promise you
that's all going to change.
No more Marisol or silly jealousy,
I swear.
Give me a chance. One last one.
Come to the boarding house tonight
and I'll prove that you can trust me.
No more lies, I promise!
Get your hands off me!
You won't regret it!
Hi.
What are you doing here?
I wanted to talk to Pablo,
but it seems I need a special pass.
This is outrageous.
Are they going to punish everyone
by sending them to the filing room?
Soon it'll be as crowded
as the market in my hometown.
Do you know what?
I'm sick of this.
I won't let these tyrants
get away with it.
What are we going to do?
We have to grin and bear it--
They are not in charge here!
We are!
-Who? You and I?
-You and I. The workers.
There's strength in numbers.
We can't on our own, but together we can.
What are you talking about?
If we need to, we'll start a union.
We have to resist oppression.
We'll gather the operators together
and convince them to join us.
I don't know why,
but I think this will end badly.
It'll end how it has to end...
with a rebellion.
I'm telling Sara right now.
Carlota, wait.
Carlota, let's think this over!
-We have to talk.
-You scared me. What is it?
I was thinking about the memo
and the new rules,
and we have to do something.
-Do you want to set up barricades?
-Something like that.
We could gather the operators
in the bar tomorrow.
If you're with the cause,
they'll all support you.
I thought
we could work on the idea tonight.
-Tonight?
-The sooner the better.
I have plans for tonight.
You didn't mention any plans.
Who did you make plans with?
With Berta, a friend.
Didn't I tell you about her?
Her neighbors want to report her
because they saw her bring a woman home.
She asked for my support.
I can go with you--
No, Carlota, don't worry.
I'd rather go alone.
She's having a hard time,
and strangers
might make her feel uncomfortable.
I'll tell you about it later.
CASTILLO GUESTHOUSE
Castillo Guesthouse. Hello?
Good morning. I'm Miss Millán's secretary.
I wanted to confirm her reservation
for tonight.
Room 47.
Room 47?
No, impossible.
That room is reserved
in the name of Mr. Oscar Ruiz.
We have other rooms, if you wish.
Miss, can you hear me?
Would you like another room?
Hello?
We should start
by installing public booths.
Only in the main cities,
or costs will skyrocket.
No, no.
The aim of the project
is to give everyone access to telephones.
If we restrict it to just a few,
it'll go back to being a tool
for the rich.
But Uribe will look at the figures first.
Yes, but we can't--
Good afternoon.
I don't believe we've been introduced.
-Alex Uribe.
-Francisco Gómez.
Nice to meet you.
Francisco is helping me
with my phone booth project.
-In that case, welcome.
-Thank you.
Lidia, why wasn't I informed that
Miss Rodríguez de Senillosa's substitute
is the wife of the man
who robbed the company?
Well, I was asked to find a substitute
and I believe I found the best.
Ángeles worked here for many years,
and I can say she's one of the finest
professionals this company's seen.
Yes, and the wife of a thief.
She's nothing like her husband.
Besides, your brother, the director
of this company, approved of her,
so if you have a problem--
No, the only problem here
is your attitude.
-What have you got against me?
-Lidia, please.
Yes. Control your friend,
or she'll have serious trouble here.
-What are you doing?
-Don't worry.
That woman is judging the project.
You can't fight with her.
This morning I went to pick her up...
and saw Carlos leaving her hotel.
I'm sure he's trying to get ahead,
and he's only sleeping with her
to gain an advantage.
Forget about Carlos.
Move on or you'll be trapped
in a dead relationship--
Francisco, it's none of your business!
I think it is. More than you think.
I give up.
I want no part of this deception.
I don't know if this project
is your dream, as you said,
or your last chance to get Carlos back.
What's wrong?
Lidia saw you leaving Alex's hotel
this morning.
She was waiting for her.
You're happy?
What's your game, Carlos?
I don't know.
Maybe Alex is my plan B,
in case you betray me with Lidia.
I know you're still in love with her.
I want that budget now, Francisco.
My private life's
got nothing to do with you.
CARMEN DE CIFUENTES
FOUNDATION DIRECTOR
You don’t know what you missed, Doña Lola.
They all but frisked us against the wall
like criminals.
-Don't let them put a hand on you.
-No, of course not.
The girls are meeting tomorrow
to present our complaints.
That's not the way, either. It's better
to watch the bulls from the bleachers.
Keep quiet and be careful.
No candles!
The house will look like a bordello.
Turn the lights up. It's enough
that I'm leaving you two alone.
It's meant to be a romantic dinner.
It will be, but without candles,
and no wine.
You’ll get tipsy and do things
that only married women do.
It's enough that I'm leaving you alone.
You don't want to join us, do you?
It's him!
He's 15 minutes early.
I told you,
this man is in too much of a hurry.
Don't you worry. Trust me.
Go to bed. You must be exhausted.
You said you're to be engaged,
otherwise I wouldn't allow this.
You're so early...
Marisol?
What are you doing here?
I just came to tell you that your Pablo...
is now my Pablo.
Isn't it pretty?
That's my grandmother's ring.
Why do you have it?
Hello.
Marisol, what are you doing here?
I never want to see you again!
Jealousy makes us say things
we don't really feel.
Marga! Marga!
Jealousy makes us do things
we never thought we'd do.
Room 47, please.
Don Francisco left this for you.
Good night.
Miss, will you be needing the car?
No, never mind, Héctor.
I have a ride. Thank you.
Jealousy kills.
Sorry it's so late.
I came as soon as you called.
Don't worry. I wanted to speak to you
as soon as possible.
Are you just going to stand there?
That’s why, when you realize this,
you have to distance yourself,
and not allow jealousy
to keep distorting your feelings.
That's the only way
you'll recognize true love.
I'm sorry about today. Whatever happens,
this project is worth it.
The numbers confirm it, and here they are.
I'm sorry.
You were right. About everything.
Now what do we do?
My name's Carlota Rodríguez and...
I'm looking for an Oscar Ruiz.
And be able to take a chance on it.
Free, without prejudices.